Fix incomplete alignment runs (#130)
BfArM-MVH/GRZ_QC_Workflow: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v1.0.3 - [01.07.2025]

### Fixed

> - Fix bug where run with bam input are incomplete [#124](https://github.com/BfArM-MVH/GRZ_QC_Workflow/pull/130)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug where runs with alignment input are incomplete [#124](https://github.com/BfArM-MVH/GRZ_QC_Workflow/pull/130)
```
